README.md, before:

[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/ivanov/ipython-trainingwheels.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/ivanov/ipython-trainingwheels)
# IPython Training Wheels

An IPython Notebook profile with a few bells and whistles taken out (and others
added).

You can read more about [IPython configuration](http://ipython.org/ipython-doc/dev/config/intro.html)
for how to create a new profile.

### Mozilla Science Lab Global Summer Sprint

Help us push forward on this project as part of [Mozilla Science Lab Global
Sprint](https://etherpad.mozilla.org/sciencelab-2014summersprint-ipython-novice-profile).


### Start hacking

To test running this profile, you can either clone the repo into your
`~/.ipython` directory like so:

    cd ~/.ipython
    git clone https://github.com/ivanov/ipython-trainingwheels.git profile_swc


Thereafter, just run `ipython --profile=swc`

Alternatively, you can clone this repository wherever you want, and then just
specify the path to it like so:

    git clone https://github.com/ivanov/ipython-trainingwheels.git /path/to/some/dir
    ipython notebook --profile-dir=/path/to/some/dir


### Did it work?

We've added visual element to help you verify that you are running this profile,
The top of the Notebook will be "Software Carpentry Blue" as opposed to white,
like this:

![](/images/header.png)

Also, the Help menu in the Notebook should have extra entries ("Training Wheels
Help" and "Software Carpentry"), like this:

![](/images/help_menu.png)

Commit message:

#10 readme changes adding more info on profiles and links for hacking away

README.md, after:

[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/ivanov/ipython-trainingwheels.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/ivanov/ipython-trainingwheels)
# IPython Training Wheels

This repository contains an alternatve IPython Notebook profile
with a few bells and whistles taken out of the default profile 
(with some other features added).  

### Mozilla Science Lab Global Summer Sprint

Help us push forward on this project as part of [Mozilla Science Lab Global
Sprint](https://etherpad.mozilla.org/sciencelab-2014summersprint-ipython-novice-profile).  
Install the profile as described below, check the issue list, and start hacking.  

You can read more about [IPython configuration](http://ipython.org/ipython-doc/dev/config/intro.html)
for how to create a new profile.  The default template for the notebook (for reference) 
can be found [here](https://github.com/ipython/ipython/blob/master/IPython/html/templates/notebook.html).  
Most customizations in the profile are found in `custom/custom.js`.  

### What is an IPython Notebook profile?  

IPython Notebook comes with a set of a default configurations that 
can be modified.  The notebook normally loads with the default 
profile; loading the notebook with a different profile will enable the 
set of configurations described in that profile.  Profiles are typically stored 
in The IPython directory, but you can also keep a profile in the current 
working directory.  

### Using this Profile

To store this profile in your IPython directory, clone this repostory 
into your `~/.ipython` directory using the commands: 

    cd ~/.ipython
    git clone https://github.com/ivanov/ipython-trainingwheels.git profile_swc

Thereafter, just run `ipython notebook --profile=swc` in order to use the training-wheels
profile with the notebook.  

Alternatively, you can clone this repository wherever you want, and then just
specify the location in order to use the profile.  To do so, use the following commands:

    git clone https://github.com/ivanov/ipython-trainingwheels.git /path/to/some/dir
    ipython notebook --profile-dir=/path/to/some/dir

To return to using the default profile, use the command

	ipython notebook --profile=default
	
### Did it work?

We've added visual element to help you verify that you are running this profile,
The top of the Notebook will be "Software Carpentry Blue" as opposed to white,
like this:

![](/images/header.png)

Also, the Help menu in the Notebook should have extra entries ("Training Wheels
Help" and "Software Carpentry"), like this:

![](/images/help_menu.png)
